docs: runtime docs + fix runtime missing field (#22816) (#24429)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/docs/build/building-apps/01-app-go-di.md

1. Create the `AppConfig` variable:

    ```go reference
    https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.53.0-rc.2/simapp/app_di.go#L113-L161
    ```

>     Where the `appConfig`, combine the [runtime](./00-runtime.md) and the modules configuration.

Author: clarified, the links were swapped making it harder to understand.

    ```go reference
    https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.53.0-rc.2/simapp/app_config.go#L102-L106
    ```

2. Configure the `runtime` module:

>     In this configuration, the order at which the modules are defined is important.
>     They are named in the order they should be executed by the module manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In this configuration, the order at which the modules are defined in PreBlockers, BeginBlocks, and EndBlockers is important.
    They are named in the order they should be executed by the module manager.
```

    ```go reference
    https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.53.0-rc.2/simapp/app_config.go#L103-L188
    ```

3. Wire the other modules:

    Next to runtime, the other (depinject-enabled) modules are wired in the `AppConfig`:

    ```go reference
    https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.53.0-rc.2/simapp/app_config.go#L222-L227
    ```

    Note: the `tx` isn't a module, but a configuration. It should be wired in the `AppConfig` as well.

    ```go reference

>     https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.53.0-rc.2/simapp/app_config.go#L103-L286

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.53.0-rc.2/simapp/app_config.go#L223-L227
```

Author: i see, i swapped them 😅, will fix

      "@type": cosmos.tx.module.v1.Module
```

> A more complete example of `app.yaml` can be found [here](https://github.com/cosmosregistry/chain-minimal/blob/mini-v050.2/app/app.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A more complete example of `app.yaml` can be found [here](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/91b1d83f1339e235a1dfa929ecc00084101a19e3/simapp/app.yaml).
```
the new link 404s

Author: that link is too old, fixed the other link

## `app_di.go`

> `app_di.go` is the place where `SimApp` is constructed. `depinject.Inject` facilitates that by automatically wiring the app modules and keepers, provided an application configuration `AppConfig` is provided. `SimApp` is constructed, when calling the injected `*runtime.AppBuilder`, with `appBuilder.Build(...)`.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`app_di.go` is the place where `SimApp` is constructed. `depinject.Inject` automatically wires the app modules and keepers when provided with an application configuration (`AppConfig`). `SimApp` is constructed upon calling the injected `*runtime.AppBuilder` with `appBuilder.Build(...)`.    
```
